[doc]: fix overflowing lines in treesitter.txt, document minimum_language_version (#17286)
neovim/neovim: runtime/doc/treesitter.txt

unless you are wondering about compatibility between different versions of

> compiled grammars.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The latest parser ABI version that is supported by the bundled tree-sitter library.
```

(I can only comment on the last line; this should replace the whole paragraph.)

                                     *vim.treesitter.minimum_language_version*

> This is the earliest parser ABI version that is supported by the current
> version of the tree-sitter library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The earliest parser ABI version that is supported by the bundled tree-sitter library.
```

> 

Reviewer 2: Also look at this one just to be sure

                can be used to search nodes in the syntax tree for the
                patterns defined in {query} using `iter_*` methods below.

>                 Exposes `info` & `captures` with additional info about {query}.

Reviewer 2: I've reworded a few things to make them fit but some changes don't seem ideal.

Here `info`, the table clashes with "info", the word

>                 Exposes `info` & `captures` with additional info about {query}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                Exposes `info` and `captures` with additional context about {query}.
```

LanguageTree:destroy({self})                          *LanguageTree:destroy()*
                Destroys this language tree and all its children.

                Any cleanup logic should be performed here.

                Note: This DOES NOT remove this tree from a parent.

>                 `remove_child` must be called on the parent to remove it.

Reviewer 2: This is autogenerated. If I remove the extra line from the source the generated docs have overflowing lines

>                 `remove_child` must be called on the parent to remove it.

Reviewer: That would be OK then. Splitting it in two paragraphs like that is arguably worse.

(Better than fiddling with docstrings would be to improve the docgen script to wrap lines correctly.)

                    {self}

LanguageTree:register_cbs({self}, {cbs})         *LanguageTree:register_cbs()*
                Registers callbacks for the parser.

                Parameters: ~
                    {cbs}   table An |nvim_buf_attach()|-like table argument
                            with the following keys :
                            • `on_bytes` : see |nvim_buf_attach()|, but this will be
                              called after the parsers callback.
                            • `on_changedtree` : a callback that will be
                              called every time the tree has syntactical
                              changes. it will only be passed one argument,

>                               that is a table of the ranges (as node ranges)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                              which is a table of the ranges (as node ranges)
```
